		      THE ADVENTURERS CLUB INDEX
			     VERSION 0.31

			    [issues 8-12]

			   by Shannon Appel
		      (appel@erzo.berkeley.edu)

HISTORY

Adventurers Club first appeared in Fall of 1983.  The original digest
sized magazine was a mere 32 pages in length, solely concerned with
the Champions roleplaying game.  In later issues, the magazine
coverage expanded, as the hero line did.  Soon, Danger International,
Espionage and Justice, Inc. were all being featured as well.  The
magazine slowly got a little glossier and a little bigger.

And then, the troubles began.  Two years elapsed between issues six
and seven.  Hero Games had severe financial problems that were only
ended by a distribution agreement with Iron Crown Enterprises.  After
the hiatus, things were slightly more on track, but still large gaps
elapsed between some of the quarterly issues.  Another year elapsed,
for example, between issues twelve and thirteen.

For issues eight through twelve, the Adventurer's Club was officially
labelled "The Hero Games, Iron Crown Quarterly".  For the only time in
the magazine's lifetime, articles were included for games produced by
people other than Hero Games.  MERP, Rolemaster and Spacemaster all
received coverage in those issues.  With issue thirteen, and the
promise of a pending ICE Quarterly magazine, coverage reverted to
solely Hero Games.

With issue fourteen, Adventurers Club underwent another format change.
The size was changed to the comic book standard and the page count was
cut back to 32 (it had been averaging 72 previously).  Since then,
page count has again increased to 48, but there have been few other
changes.

A NOTE ON ORGANIZATION

This index is categorized primarily by game systems.

A NOTE ON THIS INDEX

This current index only covers issues 8-12 (the ICE issues).  The rest
of the issues are sitting in my collection, but I have less interest
in the Hero topics. I may complete this index at some later time.

+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| This index is Copyright 1994,6 Shannon Appel.  It may be freely  |
| distributed provided that no money is charged whatsoever for its |
| distribution.                                                    |
+------------------------------------------------------------------+

CHAMPIONS [Hero Games]
  Meta, Humor:
    Champions Minus, by Marc R. Blumberg, Keith Hannigan and Mike Malony                                                                #10	pg 6-10
    On Powergaming, by Greg Porter			#9	pg 18-19
  Adventures, Misc:
    Troubleshooters, by Rodford E. Smith		#9	pg 20-35
  Background, Law:
    The Superhero and the Legal System, by Tom Steubing	#12	pg 8-22
  Background, Organizations:
    Death from the Skies!, by Andrew M. Robinson	#11	pg 21-36
    Troubleshooters, by Rodford E. Smith		#9	pg 20-35
    Viper Update, by Steven Maurer			#8	pg 7-15
  Campaign Design, Adventures:
    How the Supervillain Gets Away, by David Rogers	#12	pg 53-55
  Equipment, Misc:
    The Autohypnotic Gun, by Aaron Allston		#9	pg 48-49
    The Magnabomb, by Greg Porter			#11	pg 46
  Equipment, Vehicles:
    The Continuum Craft, by Aaron Allston		#9	pg 50-51
  NPCs, Misc:
    Lenore, by Nora Page				#8	pg 51-54
  NPCs, Groups:
    Death from the Skies!, by Andrew M. Robinson	#11	pg 21-36
    Troubleshooters, by Rodford E. Smith		#9	pg 20-35
    Viper Update, by Steven Maurer			#8	pg 7-15
  NPCs, Heroes:
    Rihalla, by Matthew Lewis				#9	pg 40-43
  NPCs, Villains:
    Berserk, by Kirk Olsen				#9	pg 37-40
    Sensor, by Clarke Johnson and Keith Nelson		#12	pg 56-58
  Rules, Conversion, DC Heroes:
    Character Conversion, by George MacDonald and Steve Peterson                                                                        #10	pg 38-42
  Rules, Disadvantages:
    Handling your Hunteds and DNPCs, by Scott Bennie	#9	pg 15-17
  Rules, Official Questions and Answers:
    Between the Lines, by WD Robinson			#9	pg 63-64

  [Also See HERO SYSTEM and SUPER-AGENTS]

DANGER INTERNATIONAL (1) [Hero Games]
  Adventures:
    Double-Blind, by Greg Porter			#12	pg 38-52
  Equipment, Misc:
    The Magnabomb, by Greg Porter			#11	pg 46
    Power-Staf K/A-1 Impact Weapon, by Greg Porter	#9	pg 50
    Shooting Dagger, by Greg Porter			#9	pg 49-50
  Equipment, Security Systems:
    Sound the Alarm!, Part One, by Greg Porter		#8	pg 17-22
    Sound the Alram!, Part Two, by Greg Porter		#9	pg 8-13
  Rules, Character Creation:
    Secret Meanings of the Agency Package Deal, by L. Douglas Garrett                                                                   #9	pg 59-62
  Rules, Skills, Security Systems:
    Sound the Alarm!, Part One, by Greg Porter		#8	pg 17-22
    Sound the Alram!, Part Two, by Greg Porter		#9	pg 8-13
  [Also See HERO SYSTEM and SUPER-AGENTS]

(1) DANGER INERNATIONAL is the successor to the original ESPIONAGE
game

DC HEROES [Mayfair Games]
  Rules, Conversion, Champions:
    Character Conversion, by George MacDonald and Steve Peterson                                                                        #10	pg 38-42

FANTASY HERO [Hero Games]
  Adventures:
    The Rockhall Curse, by Aaron Allston		#8	pg 24-49
  Creatures:
    The Pocket Demon & the Fairy Dragon, by Kirk Olsen	#12	pg 61-63
  Equipment, Magic Items:
    Manasstones, by Tim W. Brown			#11	pg 13
  Magic:
    Treasure Chest, by Gregg Sharp			#10	pg 43-44
  Rules, Conversion, MERP:
    Converting Statistics				#8	pg 71-72
  [Also See HERO SYSTEM]

HERO SYSTEM (1) [Hero Games]
  Advice, Gamemasters:
    The Care and Feeding of Deathtraps, by Duane Tremaine                                                                               #11	pg 6-12
  Campaign Design, Adventures:
    The Care and Feeding of Deathtraps, by Duane Tremaine                                                                               #11	pg 6-12
  Equipment, Modern:
    Life Sensor, by Andrew Robinson			#8	pg 55
  Rules, Combat:
    A Flash of Steel, by J. David George		#12	pgg 24-35

(1) Hero System is the Generic system which underlines all of the Hero
Games.  Technically, all Hero Games in this index are Hero System, and
could be listed here.  However, in most cases an article is
specifically written for a certain system, and thus included in that
individual section.

JUSTICE, INC [Hero Games]
  Adventures:
    Hands of the Strangler, by Scott Bennie		#10	pg 13-34
  Equipment, Combat:
    Exotic Weapons, by Greg Porter			#11	pg 15-18
  NPCs:
    Dr. Darko Fon-Jager, by David Rogers		#9	pg 43-46
  Rules, Character Creation:
    Additions to JI Package Deals, by Lyle Wilson	#9	pg 53-57
  [Also See HERO SYSTEM]

MERP [ICE]
  Adventures, Arnor:
    [See Adventures, Arthedain and Adventures, Rhudaur]
  Adventures, Arthedain, Misc:
    The Stolen Sword, by Jessica M. Ney			#9	pg 71-73
  Adventures, Rhudaur, Ettenmoors:
    IffGuld's Keep, by Jessica M. Ney			#8	pg 60-69
  Adventures, Rhudaur, Trollshaws:
    The Legend of Zagoth, by Steve Fellows		#11	pg 48-53
    Raid on Barluin, by Stephen Fellows			#12	pg 68-71
  Adventures, Gondor, Minas Tirith:
    Zirifair's Sorcery, by Jessica M. Ney		#10	pg 55-57
  Adventures, Rohan, Misc:
    Stolen Steed of the Sovereign, by Jorge Quinonez	#11	pg 62-66
  Creatures:
    The Wolfhounds of the Noldor, by Jorge Quinonez	#9	pg 66-68
  Magic:
    No Dice!, by Klaus Morgensen			#11	pg 55-59
    Utility Spells, by Alex Newman			#10	pg 60-62
  Races, Dwarf:
    Petty-Dwarf Characters, by Jorge Quinonez		#11	pg 67-70
  Races, Elf:
    Elda Characters, by Jorge Quinonez			#10	pg 65-70
    The Wolfhounds of the Noldor, by Jorge Quinonez	#9	pg 66-68
  Rules, Character Creation:
    Elda Characters, by Jorge Quinonez			#10	pg 65-70
    Petty-Dwarf Characters, by Jorge Quinonez		#11	pg 67-70
  Rules, Conversion, Fantasy Hero:
    Converting Statistics				#8	pg 71-72
  Rules, Skills, Secondary:
    Additional Secondary Skills, by Anders Blixt	#10	pg 63-64

ROBOT WARRIORS [Hero Games]
  Background, Organizations:
    Death from the Skies!, by Andrew M. Robinson	#11	pg 21-36
  NPCs, Groups:
    Death from the Skies!, by Andrew M. Robinson	#11	pg 21-36
  [Also See HERO SYSTEM]

ROLE MASTER [ICE]
  Magic:
    No Dice!, by Klaus Morgensen			#11	pg 55-59
    Utility Spells, by Alex Newman			#10	pg 60-62

SPACE MASTER [ICE]
  Equipment, Misc:
    The Criminologist Pack, by Terry K. Amthor		#10	pg 46-49
  Equipment, Misc, Rules:
    Time Factor in Equipment Use, by Michael Veach	#12	pg 65-67
  Equipment, Combat:
    The Laser's Edge					#9	pg 69-70
    Powered Armor, by Terry K. Amthor			#10	pg 49-52
  Rules, Equipment:
    Time Factor in Equipment Use, by Michael Veach	#12	pg 65-67
   
SUPER-AGENTS (1) [Hero Games]
  Adventures:
    Double-Blind, by Greg Porter			#12	pg 38-52
  Background, Organizations:
    Death from the Skies!, by Andrew M. Robinson	#11	pg 21-36
  Equipment, Misc:
    The Autohypnotic Gun, by Aaron Allston		#9	pg 48-49
  NPCs, Misc:
    Berserk, by Kirk Olsen				#9	pg 37-40
  NPCs, Groups:
    Death from the Skies!, by Andrew M. Robinson	#11	pg 21-36
  [Also See CHAMPIONS, DANGER INTERNATIONAL and HERO SYSTEM]

(1) SUPER-AGENTS is a supplement designed to work with either
CHAMPIONS or DANGER INTERNATIONAL.

VILLAINS AND VIGILANTES [FGU]
  Reviews:
    Alone into the Night				#11	pg 40-41
    Assassin						#11	pg 39,41
    The Great Iridium Con				#11	pg 41
    Honor						#11	pg 39-40,41
    Crisis at Crusader Citadel				#11	pg 39,41
    Organized Crimes					#11	pg 39,41
    Search for the Sensei				#11	pg 40,41
    Super Crooks & Criminals				#11	pg 40-41

+--------------------------------------------------------------------+
| This, and many other RPG magazine indexes, may all be FTPed from   |
| ftp.csua.berkeley.edu, where they are stored in the /pub/rpg-index |
| directory. Comments, corrections and additional information are    |
| welcome. They may be mailed to appel@erzo.org                      |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------+
