			   THE SHADIS INDEX
			     VERSION 0.70

		    Including Shadis [issues 8-29]

		and Shadis Presents [issues 17.5-20.5]

                           by Shannon Appel
                           (appel@erzo.org)

HISTORY, 1990-PRESENT

Shadis magazine was founded in January of 1990. Originally Shadis,
then subtitled "The Fantasy Games Magazine", had a heavy basis in the
editor's fantasy world of Alderac. In fact, the name of the magazine
is derived from the name of one of the moons of that world. 

Early issues were strictly fanzine material: they featured mainly
fiction and background regarding Alderac, although in later issues,
emphasis on the rest of the industry slowly began to increase. The
first six issues of Shadis were 60-64 page black and white digests.
The seventh and eighth issues, though still black and white were
full-sized magazines.

Shadis magazine was almost killed by Operation Desert Storm. Because
Jolly Blackburn, the Editor, was a Sergeant in the US armed forces,
other duties called him away from Shadis in 1992 and 1993. Between
issues 6 and 8, a full year and a half passed.

Between June and September of 1993, Shadis magazine underwent a huge
metamorphosis: it managed to make the leap from fanzine to
full-fledged gaming magazine. The cover became full color, and
three-colors began being used on some interior pages. The subtitle of
Shadis was changed to "The Independent Games Magazine", and the
magazine did an excellent job of expanding to cover the entire
industry. Since then, Shadis has slowly and steadily improved,
becoming occasionally longer, and making more use of interior color.

From mid-1993 to the end of 1994, Shadis was released on a bi-monthly
basis. For the year of 1995, this changed. A companion magazine to
Shadis was created, called Shadis Presents. Issues of Shadis Presents
were released in between issues of Shadis, and numbered in the same
sequence. The first issue of Shadis Presents was #17.5. Although
Shadis Presents included many of the same features as Shadis, it was
more likely to devote an entire issue to one specific aspect of the
gaming hobby. Shadis' schedule slipped slightly due to Shadis
Presents, but a total of 10 issues of Shadis (and Shadis Presents)
were shipped in 1995.

After issue 21, Shadis underwent another change. The original editor,
Jolly Blackburn left, and was replaced by DJ Trindle. Shadis Presents
was cancelled as a regular magazine as of #20.5 (although it still may
return as an infrequent bonus issue), and Shadis became monthly. With
issue 23, certain new features began to appear in Shadis, including
reviews and fiction. A more graphical layout appeared at the same
time. Sadly, the layout is a bit over the edge, into the realm of d8
and Inphobia, two magazines which recently failed, due to their
concentration on style over substance; in addition, some of the
professionalism of the magazine has been scraped away, replaced by the
type of chummy commentary that one would expect in a fanzine.

Of special note is the fact that Strange Vistas, the magazine which
Alderac at one time promised, seems to have been totally incorporated
into the new rejuvenated magazine.

Despite its recent changes, Shadis is still one of the top few
magazines in the RPG industry. It tends to feature not only articles
for a variety of different game systems, but it also a very large
number of generic articles, applicable for any system of a specific
genre. The newest issues raise some doubt about that rating, but
hopefully things will stabilize, and the new Shadis will find its own,
new center, as a professional gaming magazine for the entire industry.

THEME ISSUES

#17.5	Shadis Presents: The World of Collectible Card Games 	(CCG)
#18.5	Shadis Presents: It Came from Hollywood 		(MOVIE/TV)
#19.5	Shadis Presents: All Things Dark and Dangerous		(HORROR)

CONTACT INFO

Shadis can be contacted on the net at:

	shadis2@aol.com

A NOTE ON ORGANIZATION

The majority of this index is categorized by game systems.  In
addition, there are also a number of GENERAL categories, for CCGs
(Collectible Card Games), CYBER, EARTH, FANTASY, HORROR, LARPs,
MILITARY, MODERN, PIRATE, SCIENCE FICTION, SPY, STEAMPUNK,
SUPERHEROES, TIME TRAVEL, WAR GAMES and WESTERNS. All of the GENERAL
categories are for articles about the appropriate genre that may be
applied to any game that uses that background. There are also
categories for FICTION, INTERVIEWS and SPOTLIGHTS.

A NOTE ON THIS INDEX

This index only includes the issues of Shadis which were widely
available in gaming shops, namely 8 and up. I will add the rest of the
fanzine issues, if I can get my hands on a set of them. If anyone can
help me obtain the first seven issues, please drop me a line.

Shadis Presents is also included in this index.

+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| This index is Copyright 1996 Shannon Appel.  It may be freely    |
| distributed provided that no money is charged whatsoever for its |
| distribution.                                                    |
+------------------------------------------------------------------+

REGULAR FEATURES
  Misc:
    An Axe to Grind, INDUSTRY DISCUSSIONS, #13			[AATG:]
    Electronic Frontiers, INTERNET INFO, #11-13
    Fun & Games, GAMING INTERVIEWS, #8				[Fun...]
    Knight Gallery, ARTIST SPOTLIGHTS, #9-17			[KG:]
    Shadis Interrogations, GAMING INTERVIEWS, #9-10,12,17,18.5	[SI:]
  Comic Strips:
    Bright Future, SF COMIC, #9-16,18
    Dirk, #23-29
    Fineous Fingers (1), FANTASY COMIC, #12-16,18-21,23,25
    Joe Genero, HUMOR COMIC, #10-11,13-21,23,25
    Knights of the Dinner Table (2), HUMOR COMIC, #8,10-21,17.5-20.5
    Parting Shots, HUMOR COMIC, #8
    Stick Figure Theatre!, HUMOR COMIC, #20-22,20.5
    That's New, HUMOR COMIC, #13
    Towers in Time Adventures, TOWERS IN TIME COMIC, #17.5
  Gaming Aids:
    All Things Magic, MAGIC IDEAS, #8				[ATM:]
    Close Encounters of the Random Kind, RND TABLES, #14-19,23-25
								[CERK:]
    The Good, The Bad & The Ugly, NPCs, #14-19,21-22,25-26,28,19.5
    Hook, Line and Sinker, VIGNETTES, #8-21,18.5		[HLS:]
    Lights, Camera, Action, VIGNETTES, #24-29			[LCA:]
    Plotwerks, GENERIC BACKGROUND, #19.5,20.5			[PW:]
    Real Spies, SPY BACKGROUND, #17-20,22			[RS:]
    Reality Check, GENERAL BACKGROUND INFO, #27-28		[RC:]
    Rustlers of the Night, AD&D ALDERAC CREATURES, #8		[RotN:]
    Shadis Realty Company, GENERIC MAPS, #14			[SRC:]
    Strange Vistas, GAME FICTION, #23-28			[SV:]
  News:
    Bits N' Pieces, NEWS & NEW RELEASES, #8-20,18.5
    Damage Control, CARP-GA NEWS, #8				[DC:]
    Gaming Industry News, INDUSTRY NEWS, #25
    The Other Stuff, INDUSTRY NEWS, #23-24
    In the Cards, CARD GAME NEWS, #17.5
    Up My Sleeve, CARD GAME NEWS ETAL, #15-21
  Reviews:
    Cardiology, FANTASY ART CARD REVIEWS, 18-20,17.5,19.5
    Casting Call, MINIATURES REVIEWS, #23-27,29			[CC:]
    Closer Look, COMPUTER REVIEWS, #8-9
    Disks of Wondrous Power, COMPUTER REVIEWS, #10-11,14-16
    Lost Treasures, CLASSIC REVIEWS, #27-29			[LT:]
    New Perspectives, MINIATURE REVIEWS, #10-22			[NP:]
    The Flag Bridge, PBM SECTION, #19-22
    Post Marque, PBM SECTION INCLUDING REVIEWS, #9-18
    Reviews, COMPUTER REVIEWS, #23-26
    Zine Scene, FANZiNE REVIEWS, #11-20,20.5			[ZS:]

Note: an entry such as "17-18" includes issues 17 and 18 only, not
17.5. An entry such as "17.5-18.5" includes issues 17.5 and 18.5 only,
not 18. The half issues are listed after the normal issues.

(1) Fineous Fingers has previously appeared in DRAGON MAGAZINE
    #3-4,6-7,9-22,25-28,30,33,35, THE FINEOUS TREASURY (TSR), some
    further issues of DRAGON MAGAZINE, and SPACE GAMER. Of note is the
    fact that the FINEOUS TREASURY reprinted the run in DRAGON from #3
    to 35, besides including a brand-new story. The current
    incarnation of Fineous Fingers is written by JA Holmgren, not the
    creator, JD Webster. The style has been decidedly different from
    the original.

(2) Some Knights of the Dinner Table strips have been reprinted in
    KNIGHTS OF THE DINNER TABLE #1-3. In addition, new comics have
    appeared there. After Knights of the Dinner Table finished its
    Shadis run, it began appearing in DRAGON magazine, starting with
    #226

2300 AD	[GDW]						**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    LT: 2300AD						#28	pg 84

ABALONE [Galoob]					**BOARD MISC**
  Reviews:
    Abalone [mini]					#10	pg 60

ADVANCED DUNGEONS & DRAGONS [TSR]			**MISC FANTASY**
  Adventures, Kingspoint:
    The Blue Robed Man at the Iron Mule, by Luke Ahearn	#9	pg 17-19
  Class, Paladin:
    Rethinking the Paladin, by Leonard & Ann Wilson	#19	pg 53-58
  Creatures, Misc:
    The Necrology of the Vampire, by Spike Y. Jones	#17	pg 20-22
    ATM: Sentient Spell Creations, by Charles Caffrey	#8	pg 39-41
  Creatures, Alderac, Stats:
    RotN: Dark Gouger, by JR Blackburn			#8	pg 33-34
    RotN: Saw-Backed Lunger, by JR Blackburn		#8	pg 31
    RotN: Sturm-Wolf, by JR Blackburn			#8	pg 32
  Magic, Misc:
    ATM: Sentient Spell Creations, by Charles Caffrey	#8	pg 39-41
  Races, Sasti:
    Developing New Races, by Ken J. Carpenter		#17	pg 35-40
  Reviews, Kenzer & Company:
    Tragedy in the House of Brodeln			#21	pg 10
  Reviews, Star Quest Games:
    ZS: Dungeonier Digest				#14	pg 54
  Reviews, TSR:
    Birthright						#21	pg 9
    Birthright Product Line				#24	pg 87
    Dark Sun Campaign Setting				#24	pg 86
    PHBR5: The Psionic Handbook				#8	pg 43-44
    PHBR10: The Complete Book of Humanoids		#9	pg 35
    Spellbound						#23	pg 84-85

ADVENTURE MAXIMUM [Worldmaster Designs]			**RPG MISC**
  Reviews:
    Adventure Maximum				[mini]	#10	pg 59
    Adventure Maximum					#15	pg 77-79
    ZS: Gaming Maximum					#14	pg 55

AMBER DICELESS ROLE-PLAYING [Phage]			**RPG FANTASY**
  Advice, Game Master:
    Amber Diceless, by Nicole Lindroos Frein		#12	pg 25-26
  Reviews:
    Amber Diceless Role-Playing				#10	pg 55

ARIA: CANTICLE OF THE MONOMYTH [Last Unicorn Games]	**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Aria: Canticle of the Monomyth			#17	pg 71-73
    Aria: Canticle of the Monomyth			#18	pg 69-72

THE BABYLON PROJECT [Wireframe]				**RPG SF**
  Previews:
    The Babylon Project					#29	pg 90

BATTLELORDS [Optimus Design]				**CCG SF**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Battlelords						#22	pg 42-43

BATTLELORDS OF THE 23RD CENTURY [Optimus Design]	**RPG SF**
  Adventures:
    Bug Hunt, by DBA Productions			#23	pg 46-59
    Bug Hunt Part Two, by DBA Productions		#24	pg 53-63
  Reviews:
    Battlelords of the 23rd Century Product Line	#23	pg 82-83
    Battlelords of the 23rd Century		[mini]	#10	pg 58

BATTLETECH [FASA]					**BOARD SF**
  Adventures:
    NP:Jade Falcon Scenerio, by Ken Carpenter		#15	pg 83-86
    Pirates of Eagle Talon III, by Zinser & Satchell	#12	pg 28-32
  Background, Historical:
    CC: All About BT*, by Ken Carpenter			#27	pg 78-79
  Reviews:
    NP: Citytech, Second Edition			#20	pg 97-98
    Virtual World Center				#11	pg 33-36

BLACKBEARD [Avalon Hill]				**BOARD PIRATE**
  Reviews:
    Blackbeard						#11	pg 71

BLACK DEATH [BTRC]					**BOARD MISC**
  Reviews:
    Black Death						#9	pg 36

BLOOD BERETS [Heartbreaker Games]			**MINIATURES SF**
  Reviews:
    Blood Berets					#10	pg 69-70

BLOOD DAWN [Optimus Design]				**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    Blood Dawn						#26	pg 75

BLOODSHADOWS [West End Games]				**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Bloodshadows					#16	pg 72

BLOOD WARS [TSR]					**CCG FANTASY**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Blood Wars						#19	pg 96-97
    Blood Wars						#22	pg 43-44
    Escalation Pack I					#22	pg 44

BOARD GAMES, GENERAL					**BOARD MISC**
  Advice, Players:
    Weasel Games #1, by Lester Smith			#23	pg 68-69
    Weasel Games #2, by Lester Smith			#24	pg 68-69
    Weasel Games #3, by Lester Smith			#25	pg 68-69
    Weasel Games #4, by Lester Smith			#26	pg 68-69

BUBBLE GUM CRISIS [R. Talsorian]			**RPG SF**
  Previews:
    Bubble Gum Crisis					#29	pg 90

BUREAU 13 [Tri Tac Systems]				**RPG OCCULT**
  Reviews:
    Bureau 13						#17	pg 74
    ZS: Terror Watch					#17	pg 74

BUSHIDO [FGU]						**RPG ORIENTAL**
  Reviews:
    LT: Bushido						#29	pg 86
  
CALL OF CTHULHU [Chaosium]				**RPG HORROR**
  Meta:
    To Do What We Must, by John Wick			#22	pg 85-87
  Adventures, 1920s:
    Crude Oil, Part 1, by Matt Staroscik & John Wick	#26	pg 38-51
  Adventures, 1990s:
    Crude Oil, Part 2, by Matt Staroscik & John Wick	#27	pg 27-38
  NPCs, 1920s:
    Bad Company, by Jolly R. Blackburn			#13	pg 39-45
  Rules, Death:
    Is This Heaven?, by Ben Leeb			#19.5	pg 66-68
  Rules, Insanity:
    Modern Madness, by Maria Alexander Douglas		#19.5	pg 42-52
  Review, Chaosium:
    Call of Cthulhu Line				#26	pg 76-77
  Review, Pagan Publishing:
    Pagan Publising Line				#26	pg 84
    Coming Full Circle					#26	pg 85
    Devil's Children					#13	pg 71
    Grace Under Pressure			[mini]	#10	pg 58
    Walker in the Wastes				#26	pg 85
    ZS: The Unspeakable Oath				#17	pg 96
  [Also See: EARTH, GENERAL]

CASTLE FALKENSTEIN [R. Talsorian]			**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Castle Falkenstein					#16	pg 71-72
    The Book of Sigils					#26	pg 87
    Comme Il Faut					#24	pg 85
    The Lost Notebooks of Leonardo da Vinci		#26	pg 87
    Six-Guns adn Sorvery				#29	pg 94

CASTLE OF MAGIC [Riddle Master Games]			**BOARD FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Castle of Magic					#13	pg 73


CCG, GENERAL						**CCG MISC**
  Games:
    Bicycle: The Gathering, by Ryan Dancey		#17.5	pg 62
  Meta:
    Guide to the Card Game Aftermarket, by D. Williams	#17.5	pg 20-21

CHAMPIONS [Hero]					**RPG SUPERHEROES**
  Adventures:
    Reflections, by Chris Avellone			#18	pg 38-46
  Fiction, Dark Champions:
    SV: Heartwrencher's Lament, by Edward J. Carmien	#26	pg 16-23
  Reviews:
    Dark Champions					#9	pg 36
    Hudson City Blues					#18	pg 67
    Viper						#11	pg 40-41
  [Also See: HERO SYSTEM]

CHANGELING: THE DREAMING [White Wolf]			**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Changeling: The Dreaming				#23	pg 84-85
    Immortal Eyes: The Toybox				#24	pg 84-85

CHILL [Mayfair]						**RPG HORROR**
  Reviews:
    The Chill Product Line				#19.5	pg 74-77

CONSPIRACY X [New Millennium Entertainment]		**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    Conspiracy X					#25	pg 89

CYBER, GENERAL						**RPG CYBER**
  Advice, Gamemaster:
    Walking on the Cybernetic Edge, by Dave Pilurs	#14	pg 48-51
  Vignettes:
    HLS: Price of Success, by J. Scott Garibay		#13	pg 31
    HLS: Problem Politics, by J. Scott Garibay		#13	pg 30-31
    LCA: The SHipment, by Fredrich Passow		#27	pg 63

CYBERPUNK 2020 [R. Talsorian]				**RPG CYBER**
  Adventures, Cybergeneration:
    "...And Jack Left Town", by DBA Productions		#25	pg 44-52
    "...And Jack Left Town", Part II, by Stolze & Williams                                                                              #26     pg 57-61
  Background, Organizations, Yogangs:
    Ferals, by Serge Stelmack				#25	pg 39-43
  Rules, Insanity:
    Psychology of Insanity, by Maria Alexander Douglas	#15	pg 17-24
  Reviews, Atlas Games:
    Bonin Horse						#9	pg 34
  Reviews, R. Talsorian:
    Cyber Generation				[mini]	#10	pg 58
    Cyber Generation					#25	pg 80

CYBERWORLD [Dark Age Games]				**LARP SF**
  Reviews:
    Cyberworld						#26	pg 91
    
DARK CONSPIRACY [GDW]					**RPG HORROR**
  Adventures, Proto-Dimension:
    Shades of Despair, by William Spencer-Hale		#19.5	pg 18-20
  Background, Proto-Dimension:
    Journeys Beyond, by William Spencer-Hale		#19.5	pg 13-20
  Reviews:
    Minion Nation					#9	pg 31

DARKURTHE LEGENDS [Black Dragon Press]			**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Darkurthe Legends					#9	pg 34
    ZS: Lost Legends Quarterly				#14	pg 54

DCS [David M. Fitzgerald]				**RPG MISC**
  Reviews:
    DCS Basic Book					#10	pg 56

DIXIE [Columbia Games]					**CCG WAR**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Dixie: First Bull Run Edition			#17.5	pg 45
  Adventures:
    The First Battle of Manassas			#17.5	pg 44
  Reviews:
    Dixie						#17.5	pg 35

DON'T LOOK BACK [Mind Ventures Games]			**RPG HORROR**
  Reviews:
    Don't Look Back					#21	pg 10

DOOM TROOPER [Heartbreaker]				**CCG SF**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Doom Trooper					#16	pg 65
  Rules, Variant:
    Combat Card Chess, by David Williams		#17.5	pg 8-13
  Reviews:
    Doom Trooper					#17.5	pg 34
    NP: Inquisition Expansion				#20	pg 102-103
  [Also See: MUTANT CHRONICLES]

DREAM PARK [R. Talsorian]				**RPG MISC**
  Reviews:
    Dream Park						#11	PG 38-39

DUNGEONS & DRAGONS [TSR]				**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    LT: B1: In Search of the Unknown			#28	pg 85
    LT: B2: The Keep on the Borderlands			#29	pg 86

EARTH, GENERAL						**RPG MISC**
  Background, Misc, Organizations:
    Nazis... I Hate These Guys, by Dave Dollar		#20.5	pg 34-46  
  Background, Geographical, Misc:
    CERK: Myth and Magic Locations, by Jolly Blackburn	#17	pg 52-55
    Tomb of Turases III, by Blackburn & Jacobs		#17	pg 56-57
  Background, Geographical, Germany:
    Nazis... I Hate These Guys, by Dave Dollar		#20.5	pg 34-46  
  NPCs, 1920s:
    Bad Company, by Jolly R. Blackburn			#13	pg 39-45
  Random Tables:
    CERK: Myth and Magic Locations, by Jolly Blackburn	#17	pg 52-55

EARTHDAWN [FASA]					**RPG FANTASY**
  Background, Causoban:
    Causoban, by Kevin Jones & etal			#24	pg 44-52
    Causoban, Part Two, by Kevin Jones			#25	pg 25-31
  Character Generation, Disciplines:
    Assassin Discipline, by Kevin Jones			#25	pg 30-31
  Vignettes:
    HLS: The Blunderer, by Ian Reid			#18	pg 63
  Vignettes, Causoban:
    Causoban, Part Two, by Kevin Jones			#25	pg 25-31
  Reviews:
    Earthdawn Product Line				#24	pg 76-77
    Earthdawn						#10	pg 29-31
    ZS: Earthdawn Journal				#19	pg 76

ECHELONS [Medallion Simulations]			**CCG WAR**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Echelons of Fire					#19	pg 93
    Echelons of Fury					#19	pg 93
  Previews:
    Echelons of Fire					#19	pg 92
    Echelons of Fury					#19	pg 92

EVERWAY [WotC]						**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Everway						#25	pg 83

EXILE [White Wolf]					**RPG SF**
  Previews:
    Exile						#29	pg 91

FADING SUNS [Holistic]					**RPG SF**
  Adventures:
    Pandemonium Unchained, by Andrew Greenberg		#28	pg 39-44
  Reviews:
    Fading Suns						#29	pg 93

FAMILY BUSINESS [Mayfair]				**CARD GANGSTER**
  Rules, Variant:
    Mobsters on the Block, by Darwin Bromley		#17.5	pg 64

FANTASY, GENERAL					**MISC FANTASY**
  Adventures:
    Code of the Rats, by Dave Dollar			#21	pg 30-60
    The Dread Forest Biyll, by WM. L. Hahn		#22	pg 73-77
  Advice, Players, Role-Playing:
    Role-Playing the Romantic Heroine, by G. LaBrie	#22	pg 89-93
  Background, Misc, Cities:
    SRC: Generic Port, by E. Ken Cox			#14	pg 61
    Henley's (Tavern), by Michael Lambert		#18	pg 13-21
    CERK: Tavern or Inn, by John W. Baichtal		#16	pg 55
    CERK: Waterfront/Wharf Area, by Jolly R. Blackburn	#14	pg 60
  Background, Misc, Folklore:
    Role of Gemstones, by Jeffrey Yette			#22	pg 15-18
  Background, Misc, Law:
    Just Spoils for the Unjust, by Jolly Blackburn (1)	#8	pg 12-27
  Background, Misc, Organizations:
    The Importance of Family Clans, Pt 1: The Medieval Clan, by L. & A. Wilson                                                          #20     pg 47-50
    The Importance of Family Clans, Pt 2: Developing Clans, by L. & A. Wilson                                                           #21     pg 24-29
  Background, Alderac, Bowmar Island:
    Bowmar Island, by Jolly R. Blackburn		#12	pg 44-52
  Background, Alderac, Grod Mondre:
    Arena of Death, by Jolly R. Blackburn		#10	pg 40-54
  Background, Alderac, Teron:
    Teron: Den of Thieves, by Jolly R. Blackburn	#18	pg 50-57
  Background, Movies, Braveheart, Introduction:
    Angry Men in Kilts, by Rob Vaux			#20	pg 21-29
  Campaign Design, Adventures:
    The Aliens Are Coming!, by Larry Granato		#26	pg 5-14
    Back to the Dungeons, by Rich Warren		#18.5	pg 8-10
    The Best Things in Life... Aren't Things, by Steve Madill                                                                           #20     pg 51-59
    Facing Death in RPGs, by Todd Cumming		#20	pg 66-67
  Campaign Design, Cities:
    Town Generator, by Neale Davidson			#18	pg 23-24
  Campaign Design, Encounters:
    CERK: Woodland Fairie Encounters, by Paul Lucas	#23	pg 61-63
  Campaign Design, Wilderness:
    CERK: Woodland Fairie Encounters, by Paul Lucas	#23	pg 61-63
  Creatures, Misc:
    And The Ugly, by Misc				#14	pg 67
  Cults, Ork:
    Ork: A New Look, by John Wick			#24	pg 8-18
  Equipment, Magic Items:
    Holy Swords for Any Campaign			#19	pg 69-75
    Role of Gemstones, by Jeffrey Yette			#22	pg 15-18
  Fiction, Alderac:
    Bones of Ruin, Part VIII: The Road Home, by Jolly R. Blackburn                                                                      #8      pg 6-10,52-59
  Magic:
    The Divine Sibyls, by Tonia Walden			#29	pg 67-69
    Familiars for Scoundrels, by Steve Berman		#28	pg 23-26
    Magical Merchants, by Christina Wald		#15	pg 40-44
    RC: Magicians, by John Wick				#28	pg 91
    CERK: Magical Side Effects Table, by Frank Merenda	#18	pg 48-49
    Role of Gemstones, by Jeffrey Yette			#22	pg 15-18
  NPCs, Misc:
    Armies on the March, by Larry Granato		#21	pg 17-22
    The Divine Sibyls, by Tonia Walden			#29	pg 67-69
    Illuminating the Enemy, by Phillips & Sanderson	#17	pg 24-28
    Magical Merchants, by Christina Wald		#15	pg 40-44
    Noble Encounters, by Larry Granato			#20.5	pg 71-76
    NPCs Get a Life, by Larry Granato			#17	pg 30-34
    Tuning Up Your Armies, by Brian J. Philips		#16	pg 10-13
  NPCs, Misc, Stats:
    The Good, The Bad & The Ugly, by Misc		#14	pg 65-66
    The Good, The Bad & The Ugly, by Misc		#16	pg 43-45
    The Good, The Bad & The Ugly, by Misc		#17	pg 49-51
    The Good, The Bad & The Ugly, by Misc		#19	pg 82-84
    The Good, The Bad & The Ugly, by Misc		#21	pg 61-64
    The Good, The Bad & The Ugly, by Misc		#25	pg 53-55
  NPCs, Alderac, Stats:
    Arena of Death, by Jolly R. Blackburn		#10	pg 53-54
  NPCs, Movies, Braveheart, Stats:
    Angry Men in Kilts, by Rob Vaux			#20	pg 21-29
  Races, Misc:
    Developing New Races, by Ken J. Carpenter		#17	pg 35-40
  Races, Ork:
    Ork: A New Look, by John Wick			#24	pg 8-18
  Races, Sasti:
    Developing New Races, by Ken J. Carpenter		#17	pg 35-40
  Random Tables:
    CERK: Magical Side Effects Table, by Frank Merenda	#18	pg 48-49
    CERK: Tavern or Inn, by John W. Baichtal		#16	pg 55
    CERK: Waterfront/Wharf Area, by Jolly R. Blackburn	#14	pg 60
    CERK: Woodland Fairie Encounters, by Paul Lucas	#23	pg 61-63
  Rules, Clans:
    The Importance of Family Clans, Pt 2: Developing Clans, by L. & A. Wilson                                                           #21     pg 24-29
  Rules, Combat, Misc:
    Arena of Death, by Jolly R. Blackburn		#10	pg 40-54
  Rules, Combat, Mass:
    Armies on the March, by Larry Granato		#21	pg 17-22
    Mapless System for Mass Combat, by Greg Stolze	#12	pg 9-14
    Tuning Up Your Armies, by Brian J. Philips		#16	pg 10-13
  Vignettes, Misc:
    The Divine Sibyls, by Tonia Walden			#29	pg 67-69
    Hook, Line & Sinker, by Misc			#8	pg 36-38
    Hook, Line & Sinker, by Misc			#9	pg 13-15
    Hook, Line & Sinker, by Misc			#10	pg 61-63
    Hook, Line & Sinker, by Misc			#11	pg 26-28
    Hook, Line & Sinker, by Misc			#12	pg 55-56
    Hook, Line & Sinker, by Misc			#13	pg 25-29
    Hook, Line & Sinker, by Misc			#14	pg 62-63
    Hook, Line & Sinker, by Misc			#15	pg 45-46
    Hook, Line & Sinker, by Misc			#16	pg 46-48
    Hook, Line & Sinker, by Misc			#17	pg 47-48
    Hook, Line & Sinker, by Misc			#18	pg 62-63
    Hook, Line & Sinker, by Misc			#18.5	pg 25-27
    Hook, Line & Sinker, by Misc			#19	pg 67
    Hook, Line & Sinker, by Misc			#20	pg 76    
    Hook, Line & Sinker, by Misc			#21	pg 65-66
    Lights, Camera, Action, by Larry Granato		#24	pg 19
    Lights, Camera, Action, by Misc			#27	pg 62-63
    Lights, Camera, Action, by Misc			#28	pg 64-65
    Lights, Camera, Action, by Misc			#29	pg 65
    LCA: Dead From the Hills, by John Wick		#25	pg 58
    LCA: Not Drowning, Waving, by Tonia Walden		#26	pg 62-63
    NPCs Get a Life, by Larry Granato			#17	pg 30-34
  Vignettes, Alderac, Grod Mondre:
    HLS: The Assassination, by John Zinser		#10	pg 63
    HLS: The Great Dilemma, by Jolly Blackburn		#10	pg 62-63
    HLS: The Sand of Death, by John Zinser		#10	pg 63
    HLS: The Scout, by John Ziner			#10	pg 63
    HLS: A Slave's Life, by John Zinser			#10	pg 62
  Reviews, Misc, 'zines:
    ZS: Realms of Fantasy				#19	pg 77
  Reviews, Cloud Kingdom Games Inc:
    Riddle Rooms #1					#13	pg 67
  Reviews, Flying Buffalo:
    Maps Book 1: Cities				[mini]	#10	pg 60
  Reviews, Kenzer & Company:
    The Kingdoms of Kalamar				#16	pg 70-71
    Tragedy in the House of Brodeln			#24	pg 84
  Reviews, Ragnorak:
    The Art of Role-Playing, Vol. One			#11	pg 42

(1) Revised form of an article which originally appeared in SHADIS #2.

FENG SHUI [Daedelus]					**RPG SF**
  Fiction:
    Like A Rat, by Greg Stolze				#27	pg 18-24
  Reviews:
    Feng Shui						#27	pg 84-85
    Marked for Death					#28	pg 88
  [Also See: SHADOWFIST]

FICTION							**MISC MISC**
  Fantasy, General, Alderac:
    Bones of Ruin, Part VIII: The Road Home, by Jolly R. Blackburn                                                                      #8      pg 6-10,52-59
  Champions:
    SV: Heartwrencher's Lament, by Edward J. Carmien	#26	pg 16-23
  Feng Shui:
    Like A Rat, by Greg Stolze				#27	pg 18-24
  Legacy:
    SV: All that Cuts, by Douglas Hulick		#24	pg 26-33
  Lost Souls:
    SV: Mate in Three, by Greg Stolze			#23	pg 34-42
  Paranoia:
    The Heroes of Alpha Complex, by Jonathan Tweet	#29	pg 34-41
  Pod Blue:
    Pod Blue, Part I: Massacre at Devon's Reef, by JR Blackburn                                                                         #19    pg 31-41
  Talislanta:
    SV: Key of Green, by Douglas Hulick			#25	pg 32-38
  Torg:
    The Heroes of Alpha Complex, by Jonathan Tweet	#29	pg 34-41

FLASHPOINT! [Virtual Fusion]				**MINIATURES SF**
  Reviews:
    NP: Flashpoint!					#16	pg 83-84

FLIGHTS OF FANTASY [Destini]				**CARD MISC**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Flights of Fantasy					#18	pg 77
  Previews:
    Flights of Fantasy					#16	pg 62

FRINGEWORTHY [Tri Tac Games]				**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    Fringeworthy					#17	pg 74

FTL:2448 [Tri Tac Games]				**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    FTL:2448						#17	pg 74

FUDGE [Steffan O' Sullivan, Wild Mule]			**RPG MISC**
  Reviews:
    FUDGE						#17	pg 78-81

FULL THRUST [Ground Zero Games]				**MINIATURES SF**
  Reviews:
    Full Thrust						#11	pg 42

GALACTIC EMPIRES [Companion]				**CCG SF**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Galactic Empires					#16	pg 64
  Reviews:
    Galactic Empires					#17.5	pg 34-35

GANGBUSTERS [TSR]					**RPG GANGSTER**
  NPCs:
    Bad Company, by Jolly R. Blackburn			#13	pg 39-45

GANGLAND! [Corglenberg Ltd.]				**CARD GANGSTER**
  Reviews:
    Gangland!						#25	pg 87

GANGSTERS [Avalon Hill]					**BOARD GANGSTER**
  Reviews:
    Gangsters						#11	pg 70

GATECRASHER [Hot Tub Dragon Games]			**RPG FANTASY/SF**
  Reviews:
    Gatecrasher						#10	pg 55-56

GATEWAR [Escape Ventures, Inc.]				**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Gatewar						#26	pg 86

GENERAL							**MISC MISC**
  Meta:
    
    DC: The Evidence on Role-Playing Games, by Paul Cardwell, Jr.                                                                       #8      pg 47-48
    AATG: Industry Parallels, by Greg Stolze		#13	pg 8-9
    A Look at Role-Playing in Hungary, by Nadori Gergel	#13	pg 18-19
    Making the Scene, by Spike Y. Jones			#20.5	pg 85-91
    Shakespeare Didn't Need Dice, by John Wick		#19	pg 63-64
    The Unofficial Gamer's Lexicon, by Paul Lucas	#27	pg 57-60
  Introduction, Misc:
    An Introduction to the World of Role-Playing, by Michael Halse                                                                      #12     pg 6-7
  Introduction, History:
    Part 1: Pre-History and the Early Days: RPGs to 1976, by Victor Raymond                                                             #17     pg 12-19
  Accessories:
    Playing with Props, by Roger Spendlove		#22	pg 10-13
  Adventures:
    Ridiculous Manor, by Dave & Michele Newton		#16	pg 26-39
  Advice, Gamemasters:
    The Big Event, by Larry Granato			#25	pg 19-22
    The Case of the Missing Player, by Robert Baldwin	#29	pg 19-21
    Creating Characters for Conventions, by Mark Durall	#28	pg 19-22
    Playing with Props, by Roger Spendlove		#22	pg 10-13
  Advice, Players, Misc:
    Playing with Props, by Roger Spendlove		#22	pg 10-13
    Weasel Games #5, by Lester Smith			#27	pg 68-69 
    Weasel Games #6, by Lester Smith			#28	pg 76-77
    Weasel Games #7, by Lester Smith			#29	pg 74-75
  Advice, Players, Role-Playing:
    Character for Characters, by Jeff Tidball		#22	pg 78-84
  Background, Misc:
    The Beauty of the Slums, by Joseph Johaneman	#29	pg 23-25
  Background, Legal:
    Police Encounters!, by Larry Granato		#15	pg 26-30
    Travel Papers in RPGs, by PJ Masters		#18	pg 26-31
  Background, Science:
    Forensic Facts, by Matt Staroscik			#19.5	pg 21-26
  Campaign Design, Misc:
    And the Devil Will Drag You Under, by Larry Granato	#22	pg 36-39
    The Big Event, by Larry Granato			#25	pg 19-22
    Creating Your Favority RPG, by Louis J. Prosperi	#18.5	pg 51-67
    Foundations of Civilization, by Roger P. Spendlove	#23	pg 7-17
  Campaign Design, Adventures:
    CERK: Scenario Creation System, by Matt Stevens	#25	pg 59-63
  Campaign Design, Encounters:
    Police Encounters!, by Larry Granato		#15	pg 26-30
  NPCs:
    Archetypes for NPCs, by Larry Granato		#20	pg 60-65
    Malicious Intent, by Serge Stelmack			#23	pg 43-44
  Random Tables:
    CERK: Scenario Creation System, by Matt Stevens	#25	pg 59-63
  Vignettes:
    HLS: BBC Calling, by Jolly R. Blackburn		#18.5	pg 25-27
    The Big Event, by Larry Granato			#25	pg 19-22
    HLS: Sorry, Wrong Car, by Matt Staroscik		#21	pg 66
  Reviews, Misc, 'zines, Misc:
    ZS: The Adult Gamer					#15	pg 59
    ZS: Adventures Unlimited				#20.5	pg 79
    ZS: Alarums & Excursions				#13	pg 75
    ZS: Australian Realms				#19	pg 77
    ZS: Camelot '94					#15	pg 59
    ZS: Collectible Games Monthly			#15	pg 58
    ZS: Cons Unlimited					#20	pg 75
    ZS: The Familiar					#18	pg 82
    ZS: The Galleon					#15	pg 58
    ZS: Gaming & Education				#15	pg 59
    ZS: Fractal Spectrum				#18	pg 83
    ZS: The Gamer's Connection				#11	pg 53
    ZS: The Gamer's Connection				#20	pg 75
    ZS: Idolum Quarterly				#20.5	pg 78
    ZS: Interregnum					#17	pg 96
    ZS: The Last Province				#12	pg 61
    ZS: Luminary					#17	pg 96
    ZS: Morningstar Rising				#11	pg 53
    ZS: Networks					#13	pg 74
    ZS: Papyrus						#16	pg 50
    ZS: Parallel Universe Parking			#16	pg 50
    ZS: Psychobabble					#20.5	pg 79
    ZS: Ragnarok					#20.5	pg 80
    ZS: Re:Quests!					#20	pg 74
    ZS: The Scroll					#12	pg 61
    ZS: Serendipity's Circle				#19	pg 76
    ZS: Silver Griffin					#11	pg 52
    ZS: The Strategic Review				#11	pg 52
    ZS: Valkyrie					#20.5	pg 80
    ZS: The World Builder				#12	pg 61
    ZS: XataxombE					#12	pg 60
  Reviews, Misc, 'zines, Foreign:
    ZS: Biborhold					#20.5	pg 83
    ZS: Claymore					#20.5	pg 83
    ZS: Excalibur					#20.5	pg 83
  Reviews, Biohazard:
    Killer Crosshairs					#26	pg 92
  Reviews, Britton:
    Timetracker Deluxe				[mini]	#10	pg 60

GUARDIANS [FPG]						**CCG FANTASY**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Guardians						#21	pg 78-79

GURPS [SJG]						**RPG MISC**
  Magic, Old West:
    Navajo Magic, by Ann Dupuis				#19	pg 22-30
  NPCs:
    NPC Templates, by Brandon Cope			#20	pg 69-73
  Rules, Character Creation:
    Two Dozen New Advantages and Disadvantages, by Spike Y. Jones                                                                       #20.5   pg 47-54
  Reviews:
    The GURPS Line					#28	pg 80-81
    GURPS Vehicles				[mini]	#10	pg 59

HAHLMABREA [Sutton Hoo Games]				**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Hahlmabrea					[mini]	#10	pg 59

HEAVY GEAR [Ianus]					**CARD SF**
  Adventures:
    Gaia's Vengeance, by Jeff Mackintosh		#28	pg 27-38
    Trust No One, by Jeff Mackintosh			#29	pg 59-62
  Reviews:
    Heavy Gear						#16	pg 62

HERESY: KINGDOM COME [Last Unicorn Games]		**CCG CYBER**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Heresy: Kingdom Come				#22	pg 46
  Reviews:
    Heresy: Kingdom Come				#23	pg 74-75

HERO SYSTEM [Hero Games]				**RPG MISC**
  Reviews, Misc:
    ZS: Haymaker!					#16	pg 51
  [Also See: CHAMPIONS]

HIDDEN INVASION [Nightshift Games]			**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    Hidden Invasion					#23	pg 89
 
HIGHLANDER: THE CARD GAME [Thunder Castle Games]	**CCG FANTASY**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Highlander						#20	pg 94
    Highlander						#22	pg 47
  Previews:
    HIghlander: The Card Game				#18.5	pg 44
  Reviews:
    Highlander: The Card Game				#21	pg 72

HISTORY OF THE WORLD [Avalon Hill]			**BOARD WAR**
  Reviews:
    History of the World				#13	pg 72

HOL [Dirt Merchant Games]				**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    Hol							#27	pg 89

HORROR, GENERAL						**RPG HORROR**
  Advice, Gamemaster:
    The Art of Horror, by William Spencer-Hale		#13	pg 17
    Up Against the Wall, Suckers!, by John Tynes	#19.5	pg 54-57
  Background, Misc, Cities:
    The Bousacc Problem, by Jolly R. Blackburn		#19.5	pg 31-41
    Portrait of an Urban Landscape at Night		#19.5	pg 58-61
  Background, TV, X-Files, Introduction:
    The X-Files, by Louis J. Prosperi			#14	pg 8-17
  Campaign Design, TV, X-Files:
    Creating Your Favority RPG, by Louis J. Prosperi	#18.5	pg 51-67
  Creatures:
    Anatomy of a Haunting, by Justin Schmid		#29	pg 27-32
    Fearless Vampire Slaying, by Gary Gygax		#10	pg 4-9
  NPCs, Misc:
    The Villain Who Wouldn't Die, by Rob Vaux		#19.5	pg 69-72
  NPCs, Misc, Stats:
    The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly, by Misc		#18	pg 58-61
    The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly, by Misc		#19.5	pg 82-84
    The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, by Donald Brynelsen	#22	pg 95-98
    The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly, by Wonia Walden	#26	pg 52-54
  NPCs, TV, X-Files, Stats:
    The X-Files, by Louis J. Prosperi			#14	pg 13-14
  Vignettes:
    HLS: Trainees' First Day				#18	pg 63
    LCA: The Hunter and the Hunted, by John Wick	#26	pg 63
    LCA: NDE, by Matt Staroscik				#25	pg 58

HYBORIAN GATES [Cardz]					**CCG FANTASY**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Hyborian Gates					#22	pg 47-49

ILLUMINATI: NEW WORLD ORDER [SJG]			**CCG HUMOR**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    INWO						#17.5	pg 48-49
    INWO						#22	pg 49-50
  Rules, Variant:
    Combat Card Chess, by David Williams		#17.5	pg 8-13
  Reviews:
    INWO						#17.5	pg 33-34

IMMORTAL [Precedence Publishing]			**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Immortal						#15	pg 79

INCURSION [Tri Tac Games]				**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    Incursion						#17	pg 74-75

INFERNO [Death's Edge Games]				**RPG HORRORR**
  Reviews:
    Inferno						#17	pg 73

INTERVIEWS						**MISC MISC**
  Gaming, Misc:
    SI: Blackburn, Jolly				#10	pg 26-27
    Cole, Steve						#19	pg 19-20
    SI: Felton, BA					#10	pg 23-24
    Findley, Nigel					#20.5	pg 6-12
    SI: Newton, Dave					#9	pg 9-11
    SI: Seay, Dave					#10	pg 24-25
    SI: Spencer-Hale, William				#12	pg 21-23
    SI: Zinser, John					#10	pg 25-26
  Gaming, Fun & Games:
    Gygax, Gary						#9	pg 20-22
  Gaming, Game Systems:
    SI: Murphy's World					#17	pg 44-46
  TV:
    SI: Mystery Science Theater 3000			#18.5	pg 8-14
    Koenig, Walter					#29	pg 5-9

IT CAME FROM THE LATE, LATE, LATE SHOW [Stellar Games]	**RPG HUMOR**
  Adventures:
    Bikini Monsters of the Atomic Planet		#18.5	pg 37-42

THE JAMES BOND ROLE-PLAYING GAME [Victory Games]	**RPG SPY**
  Reviews:
    LT: James Bond RPG					#27	pg 87

JOURNEYMAN [Infinity Games]				**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    Journeyman						#13	pg 66-67

JUSTICE INC. [Hero Games]				**RPG PULP**
  Reviews:
    LT: Justice Inc.					#28	pg 84

JYHAD [WotC]						**CCG HORROR**
  Accessories, Misc:
    Jyhad Cheat Sheet, by Eric Allison			#16	pg 63
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Jyhad						#15	pg 68-69
  Rules, Leagues:
    Jyhad League, by Jim Pinto				#17.5	pg 50-51
  Rules, Variant:
    Combat Card Chess, by David Williams		#17.5	pg 8-13
  Reviews:
    Jyhad						#17.5	pg 32
  [Also See: MIND'S EYE THREATRE, RAGE, VAMPIRE, WEREWOLF]

KANAR [Falchion Publications]				**LARP FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Kanar						#26	pg 91

KHAOTIC [Marquee Press]					**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    Khaotic						#17	pg 73

KULT [Metropolis Ltd.]					**RPG HORROR**
  Reviews:
    Kult					[mini]	#10	pg 59
    Kult						#25	pg 84
    Metropolis Sourcebook				#25	pg 85

LARPS, GENERAL						**LARP MISC**
  Meta:
    Making Dream Park a Reality, by Gerald L. Wallner	#9	pg 5-7
  Reviews:
    The IFGS						#27	pg 92-95

THE LAWNMOWER MAN [Leading Edge Games]			**BOARD SF**
  Reviews:
    The Lawnmower Man				[mini]	#10	pg 59

LEGACY [Black Gate]					**RPG FANTASY**
  Fiction:
    SV: All that Cuts, by Douglas Hulick		#24	pg 26-33
  Reviews:
    Legacy						#17	pg 71

LEGEND OF THE FIVE RINGS [Alderac]			**CCG FANTASY**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Legend of the Five Rings				#22	pg 51
  Fiction:
    SV: Starlight, by Rob Vaux				#28	pg 57-62 

LEGEND QUEST [Board Enterprises]			**RPG FANTASY**
  Creatures, Titans:
    Picatawny, by John G. Josten			#14	pg 38-39
    Titans, by John G. Josten				#14	pg 38
    Virdoci, by John G. Josten				#14	pg 39
  Reviews:
    Legend Quest				[mini]	#10	pg 56
    Legend Quest					#15	pg 77

LEGENDARY LIVES [Marque Press]				**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Legendary Lives				[mini]	#10	pg 58
    Legendary Lives					#13	pg 69-70
  
LEGIONS OF STEEL [Global Games]				**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    Legions of Steel					#9	pg 34
    NP: Legions of Steel, Second Printing		#16	pg 84-85
    Scenario Pack 1				[mini]	#10	pg 58

LOST SOULS [Marquee Press]				**RPG HORROR**
  Adventures:
    Patterns of Evil, by Kathleen & Joe Williams	#14	pg 18-25
  Fiction:
    SV: Mate in Three, by Greg Stolze			#23	pg 34-42

LOST WORLDS [Chessex]					**BOARD FANTASY**
  Games:
    Mattha, Huntress of Denglade			#28	pg 6-55   
    Veltigg the Forest Shade				#28	pg 6-55
  Reviews:
    Lost Worlds						#28	pg 89
  
MAGE: THE ASCENSION [White Wolf]			**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Mage, Second Edition				#27	pg 88

MAGIC: THE GATHERING [WotC]				**CCG FANTASY**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    M:TG Alpha/Beta/Unlimited				#10	pg 21
    M:TG Alpha/Beta/Unlimited				#13	pg 37-38
    M:TG Alpha/Beta/Unlimited/Revised/Fourth		#22	pg 52-53
    Antiquities						#13	pg 38
    Antiquities						#22	pg 54
    Arabian Nights					#11	pg 18
    Arabian Nights					#13	pg 38
    Arabian Nights					#22	pg 53-54
    Chronicles						#22	pg 56
    The Dark						#15	pg 67
    The Dark						#22	pg 55-56
    Fallen Empires					#17	pg 62
    Fallen Empires					#22	pg 56
    Homelands						#21	pg 80
    Homelands						#22	pg 58
    Ice Age						#22	pg 56-58
    Legends						#14	pg 27-28
    Legends						#22	pg 54-55
    Promotional Cards					#22	pg 58
  Advice, Players, Misc:
    Magic: The Gathering, by Jolly R. Blackburn		#10	pg 17-20
  Advice, Players, Cards:
    Atog, by Jeff Scott Franzman			#17.5	pg 60-61
    Chub Toad, by Jeff Scott Franzman			#20	pg 91
    Creature Bond, by Jeff Scott Franzman		#16	pg 60
    Diabolic Vision, by Jeff Scott Franzman		#21	pg 68-70
    Erg Raiders, by Jeff Scott Franzman			#17.5	pg 60-61
    Essence Flare, by Jeff Scott Franzman		#18	pg 75-76
    Lure, by Jeff Scott Franzman			#17	pg 58-59
    Magnetic Mountain, by Jeff Scott Franzman		#19	pg 90
    Norritt, by Jeff Scott Franzman			#18	pg 75-76
    Orcish Lumberjack, by Jeff Scott Franzman		#20	pg 91
    Psychich Venom, by Jeff Scott Franzman		#21	pg 68-70
    Reverse Polarity, by Jeff Scott Franzman		#17.5	pg 60-61
  Advice, Players, Colors:
    The (Dis)Advantages of Black magic, by William D. Tilman                                                                            #13     pg 36
  Advice, Players, Deck Construction, Misc:
    Flashpoint!, by Douglas Wilkening			#17.5	pg 55
    Turn Six, Kid!, by John K. Lewis			#17.5	pg 56-57
  Advice, Players, Deck Construction, Specific:
    Meet Frugality!, by DJ Trindle			#17.5	pg 58-59
    The Winning Deck, by Bo Bell			#16	pg 60-62
  Rules, Official Q&A:
    The Ebon Praetor, by Randy Asplund-Faith		#21	pg 70-72
  Rules, Tournament:
    New Duelist's Convocation Rules, by WotC		#17.5	pg 70-72
  Rules, Variant, Misc:
    Magic: The Blitzkrieg, by Ken Carpenter		#13	pg 33-36
    Combat Card Chess, by David Williams		#17.5	pg 8-13
  Rules, Variant, The Conquering:
    The Conquering, by David Williams			#17	pg 63-70
    The Conquering Continues, by David Williams		#19	pg 90
    The Conquering Continues, by David Williams		#18	pg 76
    The Conquering Returns, by David Williams		#17.5	pg 53
  Reviews:
    Magic: The Gathering				#10	pg 12-21
    Magic: The Gathering				#17.5	pg 31

MANHUNTER [Myrmidon Press]				**RPG SF**
  Adventures, Introduction:
    Pledging "The Sorority", by Brian Townsend		#15	pg 9-15
  NPCs:
    Wanted: Dirk Debastion, by John Zinser		#10	pg 39
  Reviews:
    Manhunter					[mini]	#10	pg 59
    Rifts Manhunter					#21	pg 10

MAN-O-WAR [GW]						**MINIATURES SF**
  Adventures:
    Cthul-O-War, by John Kovalic			#19.5	pg 7-12
  Creatures:
    Cthul-O-War, by John Kovalic			#19.5	pg 7-12

MASTERBOOK [West End Games]				**RPG MISC**
  Reviews:
    Masterbook Line					#26	pg 88

MARE NOSTRUM [Gavin Tovrea Games]			**BOARD HISTORICAL**
  Reviews:
    Mare Nostrum					#17	pg 83-84

MECHA [Seventh Street Games]				**BOARD SF**
  Reviews:
    Mecha						#11	pg 39

MEKTON [R. Talsorian]					**RPG SF**
  Reviews, Ianus:
    Jovian Chronicles				[mini]	#10	pg 59
  Reviews, R. Talsorian:
    Operation Rimfire				[mini]	#10	pg 58
    Mekton Zeta						#25	pg 88

MIDDLE EARTH: THE WIZARDS [ICE]				**CCG FANTASY**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    ME:TW						#23	pg 28-29

MILITARY, GENERAL					**RPG MILITARY**
  Reviews, Palladium:
    The Compendium of Contemporary Weapons		#13	pg 67-68

MILLENIUM'S END [Chameleon Eclectic]			**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    Millenium's End					#13	pg 68-69

MIND'S EYE THEATRE [White Wolf]				**LARP HORROR**
  Reviews:
    Mind's Eye Theatre					#28	pg 92-93
  [Also See: JYHAD, RAGE, VAMPIRE, WEREWOLF]

MODERN, GENERAL						**RPG MODERN**
  Equipment:
    RC: Guns, by Matt Staroscik				#27	pg 75
  Vignettes:
    Lights, Camera, Action, by Misc			#28	pg 64-65
    LCA: Bug Powder Dust, by Tonia Walden		#26	pg 63
    LCA: The Hunter and the Hunted, by John Wick	#26	pg 63

MUTANT CHRONICLES [Heartbreaker]			**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    Mutant Chronicles					#16	pg 73-74
    NP: Algeroth - The Apostle of War			#20	pg 102
    The Brotherhood					#16	pg 73-74
    NP: Capitol - Pride and Profit			#20	pg 103-104
    NP: Fury of the Clansmen				#16	pg 85
    NP: Imperial - The Clans of Damnation		#20	pg 103
  [Also See: DOOM TROOPER]

MYTHOS [Chaosium]					**CCG HORROR**
  Reviews:
    Mythos						#26	pg 80

MYTHUS [GDW]						**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Mythus						#8	pg 44-45
    Gamemaster's Screen					#9	pg 33

NEPHILIM [Chaosium]					**RPG OCCULT**
  Reviews:
    Nephilim						#16	pg 72-73

NETRUNNER [WotC]					**CCG SF**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Netrunner						#26	pg 94-95

NEXUS [Daedelus Games]					**RPG MISC**
  Background:
    Nexus Park, by Rob Heinsoo				#22	pg 31-35

NIGHTSPAWN [Palladium]					**RPG HORROR**
  Reviews:
    Nightspawn						#24	pg 88

NUCLEAR WAR [Flying Buffalo]				**CARD NUCLEAR**
  Rules, Official Q&A:
    The Seeds of War, by Rick Loomis			#17.5	pg 76

ON THE EDGE [Atlas Games]				**RPG SF**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    On the Edge						#20.5	pg 14-15
    On the Edge Unlimited				#22	pg 59
    Arcana						#20.5	pg 16-17
    Arcana						#22	pg 60-61
    The Cut-Ups Project					#20.5	pg 15-16
    The Cut-Ups Project					#22	pg 60
    Promotional Cards					#20.5	pg 17
    Promotional Cards					#22	pg 59-60
    Shadows						#20.5	pg 16
    Shadows						#22	pg 60
  Advice, Players:
    Strategy for Powermad Control Freaks, by Greg Stolz	#17	pg 59
  Rules, League:
   The OTE Omni-League, by Spike Y. Jones		#20.5	pg 27-32
  Rules, Variant:
    Anti-Claus is COming to Town, by Greg Stolze	#17.5	pg 38-41
    Business as Usual, by Hans Knudsen			#20.5	pg 20-23
    Combat Card Chess, by David Williams		#17.5	pg 8-13
  Previews:
    Through the Gate of Dead Birds			#20.5	pg 18-20
  Reviews:
    On the Edge						#17.5	pg 32-33

ONCE UPON A TIME [Atlas Games]				**CARD FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Once Upon a Time, Second Edition			#27	pg 82

ORIENTAL, GENERAL					**RPG ORIENT**
  Background:
    Courting the Orient, by James R. Collier		#25	pg 13-18
  Campaign Design:
    Courting the Orient, by James R. Collier		#25	pg 13-18
  NPCs:
    Courting the Orient, by James R. Collier		#25	pg 13-18
    The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly			#28	pg 67-70

OVER THE EDGE [Atlas Games]				**RPG SF**
  Adventures:
    Deja Vu, by John Wick				#25	pg 5-12
    Omnimart, by Greg Stolze				#13	pg 9-14
  Reviews:
    Over the Edge					#9	pg 31-32
    Over the Edge					#11	pg 39-40

OVERPOWER, MARVEL [Fleer, Inc.]				**CCG SUPERHEROES**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Marvel: Overpower					#22	pg 61-62

PARANOIA [West End Games]				**RPG HUMOR**
  Fiction:
    The Heroes of Alpha Complex, by Jonathan Tweet	#29	pg 34-41

PENDRAGON [Chaosium]					**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    ZS: Beaumains					#20.5	pg 80

PIRATE, GENERAL						**MISC PIRATE**
  Game, Miniatures:
    Legoland Pirate Wars, by Stephen W. Gabriel		#19	pg 43-52
    Lego Pirate Wars: Optional Rules, by S. Gabriel	#24	pg 20-23

PLAGUE AND PESTILENCE [Hillary's Tox Box]		**CARD HISTORICAL**
  Reviews:
    Plague and Pestilence				#14	pg 69

POD [POD Games]						**BOARD SF**
  Reviews:
    POD							#9	pg 36

POD BLUE [Alderac]					**RPG SF**
  Fiction:
    Pod Blue, Part I: Massacre at Devon's Reef, by JR Blackburn                                                                         #19    pg 31-41

THE PRIMAL ORDER [WotC]					**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Knights					[mini]	#10	pg 56

QUEST FOR THE FAYSYLWOOD [Faysylwood Press]		**CARD FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Quest for the Faysylwood				#14	pg 71

RAGE [White Wolf]					**CCG HORROR**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Rage						#20	pg 88-89    
    Rage						#22	pg 63-64
    The Umbra						#22	pg 64
    War in the Amazon					#26	pg 93
    The Wyrm						#22	pg 64-65
  Previews:
    Rage						#18	pg 76
  Reviews:
    Rage						#20	pg 86
  [Also See: JYHAD, MIND'S EYE THEATRE, VAMPIRE, WEREWOLF]

RAVEN STAR [Raven Star Game Designs]			**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    Raven Star						#17	pg 75-77

REALMS OF THE UNKNOWN [Walnut Group]			**RPG MISC**
  Reviews:
    Realms of the Unknown				#11	pg 42-43

RENEGADE LEGION [FASA]					**BOARD SF**
  Reviews, Crunchy Frog:
    ZS: Renegade Transmissions				#16	pg 51

RIFTS [Palladium]					**RPG MISC**
  Reviews, Myrmidon Press:
    Rifts Manhunter					#21	pg 10
  Reviews, Palladium:
    Rifts World Book 7: Underseas			#21	pg 10

RINGWORLD [Chaosium]					**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    LT: Ringworld					#27	pg 87

ROBORALLY [WotC]					**BOARD SF**
  Reviews:
    RoboRally						#18	pg 63

ROBOTANKS [Gamesmiths]					**BOARD SF**
  Reviews:
    RoboTanks						#26	pg 82

RUNEQUEST [Avalon Hill]					**RPG FANTASY**
  Accessories, Index:
    RQ3 Cults for Glorantha, by Curtis Taylor		#20	pg 30

SAGA [TSR]						**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    Dragonlance: The Fifth Age				#27	pg 74

SCIENCE FICTION, GENERAL				**RPG SF**
  Advice, Gamemaster:
    Technobabble, by Curtis Craddock			#20	pg 42-46
  Background, Misc, Law:
    "Book 'em Starbuck!", by Frederick Goff		#10	pg 33-38
  Background, Misc, Sports:
    Slaughterball!, by Serge Selmack			#19	pg 60-62
  Background, Misc, Star Ports:
    CERK: Starbase/Star Port, by Blackburn & Felton	#15	pg 55
  Background, Fiction, Worldwar, Introduction:
    Space Iguanas Uber Alles, by Rob Vaux		#22	pg 20-29
  Background, Technology:
    New & Improved, by Paul Lucas			#28	pg 11-16
  Campaign Design, Adventures:
    The Aliens Are Coming!, by Larry Granato		#26	pg 5-14
    Scanners Say it's a... dragon, by Frederick Goff	#13	pg 21-23
  Campaign Design, Planets:
    CERK: Planet Peculiarities, by Paul Lucas		#19	pg 79-81
  Campaign Design, Technology:
    Technobabble, by Curtis Craddock			#20	pg 42-46
  Games, Board:
    Space Fleet - Warp One, by D. Shaw & S. Patterson	#19	pg 13-19
  Magic, Dark Future:
    Taggers, by David Seay & John Zinser		#12	pg 16-20
  NPCs:
    The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly, by Misc		#15	pg 50-52
    The Good, The Bad & The Ugly, by Misc		#25	pg 53-55
  Random Tables:
    CERK: Planet Peculiarities, by Paul Lucas		#19	pg 79-81
    CERK: Starbase/Star Port, by Blackburn & Felton	#15	pg 55
  Vignettes, Misc:
    HLS: The Insufferable Imp, by Donald E. Brynelsen	#18	pg 63
    HLS: Let's Make a Deal?, by Pierre Savoie		#13	pg 30
    HLS: Life of an Anthropologist, by Wayne Wallace	#18.5	pg 27
    HLS: The Lonely Mech, by Paul Stachel		#13	pg 29-30
    HLS: Starbase Dread, by George Wakemen		#18.5	pg 27
    HLS: With Friends Like This..., by Matt Staroscik	#19	pg 67
    HLS: With References, by BA Felton			#11	pg 27-28
    LCA: An Offer You Can't Refuse, by John Wick	#26	pg 62
  Reviews, 'zines:
    ZS: The Tech Factory				#19	pg 77
  [Also See: TIME TRAVEL, GENERAL]

SHADOWFIST [Daedalus]					**CCG FANTASY**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Shadowfist						#22	pg 65-66
  [Also See: FENG SHUI]

SHADOWRUN [Fasa]					**RPG MISC**
  Magic:
    Chinese Hermetic Magic, by Kathleen Malone		#20	pg 10-19
  Reviews, AWOL:
    ZS: KA*GE						#14	pg 55
  Reviews, FASA:
    Aztlan						#21	pg 9
    California Free  State				#27	pg 90

SHATTERED DREAMS [Apex]					**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    ZS: Sedated						#16	pg 51

SHATTERZONE [WEG]					**RPG SF**
  Equipment, Ships:
    Stock Ships: The Missing Vessels, by Dave Pilurs	#20	pg 32-41
  Reviews:
    Shatterzone					[mini]	#10	pg 59-60

SILENT DEATH [ICE]					**BOARD SF**
  Adventures:
    NP: Colos Knives, by Ken Carrpenter			#22	pg 101-104
  Reviews:
    NP: Silent Death: The Next Millenium Deluxe Ed.	#22	pg 101

SIM CITY [Mayfair]					**CCG MISC**
  Introduction:
    Sim City						#17.5	pg 14-16

SKYREALMS OF JORUNE [Chessex]				**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    ZS: Sholari						#14	pg 55

SLASHER! [Precedence Publishing]			**CARD HORROR**
  Previews:
    Slasher!						#17.5	pg 37
  Reviews:
    Slasher: The Final Cut				#18.5	pg 22-23

SPACE: 1889 [GDW]					**RPG SF**
  Adventures:
    The Sentinel Awaits, by Donald E. Brynelsen		#11	pg 20-24
  Reviews, Dragonshead Gaming:
    LT: Space: 1889					#27	pg 86
    ZS: Brittanic Technological Society			#11	pg 53
 
SPELLFIRE [TSR]						**CCG FANTASY**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Expansion 1: Ravenloft				#16	pg 67
  Rules, Variant:
    Combat Card Chess, by David Williams		#17.5	pg 8-13
  Reviews:
    Spellfire						#17.5	pg 31-32

SPOTLIGHT						**MISC MISC**
  Artist:
    KG: Breault, Greg					#11	pg 30-31
    KG: Hobbs, Bob E.					#9	pg 28-29
    KG: Holmgren, Jason Adam				#14	pg 52-53
    KG: Ryan, Shea					#13	pg 47-48
    KG: Siegenthaler, Cline A.				#17	pg 42-43
    KG: Smith, Dan					#12	pg 62-63
    KG: Szczudlo, Anthony P.				#16	pg 40-41
    KG: Thomas, Tina					#10	pg 64-65
    KG: Vrbanic, George					#15	pg 48-49

SPY, GENERAL						**RPG SPY**
  Background:
    A Guide to Real-Life Spies, by John W.  Baichtal	#29	pg 11-18
    RS: French Food and Micronauts, by Dave Dollar	#19	pg 11-12
    RS: Love and Rocket Launchers, by Dave Dollar	#20	pg 8-9
    RS: Real Spies, by Dave Dollar			#17	pg 9-10
    RS: Spies Fly Coach, by Dave Dollar			#18	pg 9-10
    RS: Spies for the Holidays, by Dave Dollar		#22	pg 6-7
  NPCs:
    A Guide to Real-Life Spies, by John W.  Baichtal	#29	pg 11-18

STAR OF THE GUARDIANS					**CCG SF**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Star of the Guardians				#17.5	pg 46-47
  Introduction:
    Star of the Guardians				#17.5	pg 22-23

ST:TNG CCG [Decipher]					**CCG SF**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    ST:TNG CCG						#17	pg 60-61
    ST:TNG CCG						#22	pg 67-68
    Alternate Universe					#22	pg 68
  Rules, Variant:
    More Multiplayer ST:CCG, by Decipher		#18.5	pg 47-48
    Star Trek: The Conquering, by Karol Pajak		#18.5	pg 45-46
  Reviews:
    ST:TNG CCG						#17.5	pg 33

STAR WARS [WEG]						**RPG SF**
  Adventures:
    Slaver's Chains, by James MacDuff			#28	pg 45-55
    Strange Bedfellows, by John Zinser			#14	pg 40-47
  Background, Historical, Pre-New Hope:
    The Spark Before the Flame, by Sean Patrick Fannon	#18.5	pg 15-20
  Games, Board:
    Corellian Smuggler, by Dan Verssen			#27	pg 42-55
  Reviews:
    Star Wars, Second Edition				#11	pg 31-32
    Star Wars, Second Edition				#27	pg 76-77
    Dark Empire Sourcebook			[mini]	#10	pg 56-57
    The Dark Stryder Campaign				#21	pg 11
    Movie Trilogy Sourcebook				#11	pg 43

STAR WARS CCG [Decipher]				**CCG SF**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Star Wars						#23	pg 30-31

STEAMPUNK, GENERAL					**RPG SF**
  Background:
    Babbage's World, by Joseph Johaneman		#26	pg 27-30
  Campaign Design:
    Babbage's World, by Joseph Johaneman		#26	pg 27-30

STREET FIGHTER [White Wolf]				**RPG COMBAT**
  Reviews:
    Street Fighter					#15	pg 80-81

SUN AND STORM [Storm Press]				**RPG FANTASY**
  Equipment, Wyrmships:
    Of Technomancy and Wyrmships, by Dave Pilurs	#11	pg 5-9
  Magic:
    Of Technomancy and Wyrmships, by Dave Pilurs	#11	pg 5-9
  Reviews:
    Sun and Storm				[mini]	#10	pg 60
    Sun and Storm					#15	pg 81-82

SUPER DECK! [?]						**CCG SUPERHEROES**
  Rules, Variant:
    Souping Up Super Deck!, by Spike Y. Jones		#17.5	pg 18-19

SUPERHEROES, GENERAL					**RPG SUPERHEROES**
  Campaign Design, Background:
    The Hero Support Group, by Chris Avellone		#27	pg 5-9
  Campaign Design, Campaigns (as a whole:
    Running Superheroes in Alternate History Campaigns, by Rob Vaux                                                                     #27     pg 11-15
  NPCs:
    The Hero Support Group, by Chris Avellone		#27	pg 5-9
  Vignettes:
    HLS: Hollywood Hijinx, by Wayne Wallace		#15	pg 45-46
    HLS: Money, Money, Phoney Money, by Thornton Kimes	#13	pg 30

TALES FROM THE FLOATING VAGABOUND [Avalon Hill]		**RPG HUMOR**
  Reviews:
    Where's George				[mini]	#10	pg 58-59

TALISLANTA [WotC]					**RPG FANTASY**
  Fiction:
    SV: Key of Green, by Douglas Hulick			#25	pg 32-38
  Reviews:
    Talislanta Product Line				#9	pg 32-33
    ZS: The Crucible					#20	pg 74

TALISMAN [GW]						**BOARD FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    NP: Talisman					#16	pg 85-86

THEATRIX [Backstage Press]				**LARP MISC**
  Reviews:
    Theatrix: The Core Rules				#21	pg 11
    Theatrix						#26	pg 86

THE END [Scapegoat Games]				**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    The End						#23	pg 87

TIME TRAVEL, GENERAL					**MISC TIME TRAVEL**
  Background:
    Just a Matter of Time, Part One, by Jolly Blackburn	#11	pg 44-51
    Just a Matter of Time, Part Two, by Jolly Blackburn	#12	pg 33-43
    The Time Travelers, by Larry Granto			#18.5	pg 28-35
  Campaign Design:
    The Time Travelers, by Larry Granto			#18.5	pg 28-35
  Rules:
    Just a Matter of Time, Part One, by Jolly Blackburn	#11	pg 44-51
    Just a Matter of Time, Part Two, by Jolly Blackburn	#12	pg 33-43
    The Time Travelers, by Larry Granto			#18.5	pg 28-35
  Vignettes:
    HLS: Information isn't a "Real" Commodity, by SD Anderson                                                                           #21     pg 65-66
    HLS: A Snitch in Time, by Pierre Savoie		#19	pg 67

TOON [SJG]						**RPG HUMOR**
  Reviews:
    LT: Toon						#28	pg 85

TORG [WEG]						**RPG MISC**
  Adventures:
    Mr Tode's Wild Ride, by John Zinser & Brian Peters	#9	pg 24-27
  Fiction:
    The Heroes of Alpha Complex, by Jonathan Tweet	#29	pg 34-41
  NPCs:
    Hail to the King, Baby, by Rob Vaux & John Wick	#23	pg 19-26
  Reviews:
    Torg						#8	pg 44

TOWERS IN TIME [Thunder Castle]				**CCG FANTASY**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Towers in Time					#16	pg 68
  Advice, Players:
    Building a Tower, by Bob Iliff			#17.5	pg 25
  Previews:
    Towers in Time					#16	pg 63

TRAVELLER, MEGA [GDW]					**RPG SF**
  Reviews:
    Astrogator's Guide to the Diaspora Sector		#9	pg 33-34

TRAVELLER, THE NEW ERA [GDW]				**RPG SF**
  Equipment, Computers:
    Sentient Circuits, Part 1, by Dave & Michele Newton	#14	pg 30-36
    Sentient Circults, Part 2, by Dave & Michele Newton	#15	pg 32-40
  NPCs, Virus:
    Sentient Circuits, Part 1, by Dave & Michele Newton	#14	pg 30-36
    Sentient Circults, Part 2, by Dave & Michele Newton	#15	pg 32-40
  Reviews:
    Traveller: The New Era				#9	pg 34-35
    Brilliant Lances					#12	pg 58-59

TRAVELLER, MARC MILLER'S [IMPERIUM]
  Reviews:
    Marc Miller's Traveller				#28	pg 79

TUNNELS & TROLLS [Flying Buffalo]			**RPG FANASY**
  Reviews:
    Tunnels & Trolls					#14	pg 71-72

TWILIGHT: 2000 [GDW]					**RPG MILITARY**
  Adventures:
    The Last Argument of Kings, by W. Spencer-Hale	#16	pg 23-24
  Background, Misc:
    Nuclear Weapons, by William Spencer-Hale		#16	pg 20-24
  Rules, Combat:
    Nuclear Weapons, by William Spencer-Hale		#16	pg 20-24
  Reviews:
    LT: Twilight: 2000					#27	pg 86
    Referee's Screen					#9	pg 32

ULTIMATE COMBAT! [Upper Deck]				**CCG COMBAT**
  Accesories, Card Lists:
    Ultimate Combat!					#19	pg 94-95
    Ultimate Combat!					#22	pg 69
    Ancient Fighting Arts of China			#22	pg 70
  Previews:
    Ultimate Combat!					#17	pg 76

UNDERGROUND [Mayfair]					**RPG SF**
  Background, Organizations:
    Team Phoenix, by Rich Warren			#26	pg 31-37
  Background, Technology:
    New Uses for Virtual Reality, by Spike Y. Jones	#16	pg 14-18

UPPER DECK GRIDIRON FANTASY FOOTBALL [Prec. Publishing]	**CCG MISC**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Upper Deck Gridiron Fantasy Football		#22	pg 45

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES [White Wolf]			**RPG HORROR**
  Reviews:
    Vampire: The Dark Ages				#24	pg 89
    The Book of Storyteller's Secrets			#28	pg 90
    A World of Darkness, Second Edition			#29	pg 88

VAMPIRE: THE ETERNAL STRUGGLE [WotC]			**CCG HORROR**
  [See: JYHAD]

VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE [White Wolf]			**RPG HORROR**
  Adventures:
    The Black Curtain Theatre, by Douglas Seacat	#29	pg 43-58
  Campaign Design, Towns:
    Roleplaying in Small Towns, by ANthony Grabski	#24	pg 35-43
  Reviews:
    Vampire, Second Edition				#9	pg 36
    Vampire, SEcond Edition				#29	pg 82-83
    Elysium						#18	pg 65-66
  [Also See: JYHAD, MIND'S EYE THEATRE, RAGE, WEREWOLF]

WARGAMES, GENERAL					**BOARD WAR**
  Reviews:
    ZS: Berg's Review of Games				#18	pg 82

WARHAMMER FANTASY BATTLE [GW]				**MINIATURES FANTASY**
  Adventures:
    Norse Raid, by Ken Carpenter			#19	pg 100-102

WARHAMMER 40K [GW]					**MINIATURES SF**
  Reviews:
    ZS: Inquisitor					#17	pg 95
    ZS: Louis Porter's Fallout				#20.5	pg 79

WEBS BASIC GAMING SYSTEM [Web Games]			**RPG MISC**
  Reviews:
    Webs Basic Gaming System				#23	pg 85
    Web of Stars					#23	pg 85

WEREWOLF: THE APOCALYPSE [White Wolf]			**RPG HORROR**
  Background, Cities:
    Mad Dog City, by Jim Parks				#18	pg 32-36
  Reviews, Fiction:
    When Will You Rage?					#16	pg 70
  [Also See: JYHAD, MIND'S EYE THEATRE, RAGE, VAMPIRE]

WESTERN, GENERAL					**RPG WESTERN**
  Background, Misc, San Diablo, Introduction:
    Into the Sunset?, by Rob Vaux			#20.5	pg 55-68
  Background, TV, Brisco County, Introduction:
    The Adventures of Brisco Country, Jr, by Jolly R. Blackburn                                                                         #11     pg 12-17
  NPCs, TV, Brisco County:
    The Adventures of Brisco Country, Jr, by Jolly R. Blackburn                                                                         #11     pg 15-17
  Vignettes:
    HLS: Here They Come a Burstin' Out!, by Matt Wilson	#18.5	pg 27

THE WHISPERING VAULT [Pariah Press]			**RPG HORROR**
  Reviews:
    The Whispering Vault				#14	pg 68-69

WILDSTORMS [Farchild & Aegis]				**CCG SUPERHEROES**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Wildstorms						#22	pg 70-71
  
WIZARDS [Whit]						**RPG FANTASY**
  Rules, Misc:
    Wizards Revisited, by Jeff Zitomer			#18.5	pg 71-79
  Reviews:
    Wizards					[mini]	#10	pg 59

THE WORLD OF INDIANA JONES [West End Games]		**RPG PULP**
  Background, Misc:
    CERK: Myth and Magic Locations, by Jolly Blackburn	#17	pg 52-55
  Random Tables:
    CERK: Myth and Magic Locations, by Jolly Blackburn	#17	pg 52-55

THE WORLD OF SYNNIBARR [Wonder World Press]		**RPG FANTASY**
  Reviews:
    The World of Synnibarr			[mini]	#10	pg 60

WYVERN [US Games]					**CCG FANTASY**
  Accessories, Card Lists:
    Wyvern						#17.5	pg 43
    Wyvern						#22	pg 72
    Phoenix						#22	pg 72
  Advice, Players:
    A Dragon Primer, by Robert Morss			#18	pg 79

+--------------------------------------------------------------------+
| This, and many other RPG magazine indexes, may all be FTPed from   |
| ftp.csua.berkeley.edu, where they are stored in the /pub/rpg-index |
| directory. Comments, corrections and additional information are    |
| welcome. They may be mailed to appel@erzo.org                      |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------+
